docs: fix removeAdditional comment (#4948)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Validation-and-Serialization.md

{
  coerceTypes: 'array', // change data type of data to match type keyword
  useDefaults: true, // replace missing properties and items with the values from corresponding default keyword

>   removeAdditional: true, // To remove additional properites refer to: https://ajv.js.org/guide/modifying-data.html#removing-additional-properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  removeAdditional: true, // remove additional properties if additinalProperties is set to false, see also: https://ajv.js.org/guide/modifying-data.html#removing-additional-properties
```

Author: If we're going the detailing path, I'd suggest something like `// remove additional properties if additinalProperties is set to false in JSON Schema, see also: https://ajv.js.org/guide/modifying-data.html#removing-additional-properties` 😁

>   removeAdditional: true, // remove additional properties if additinalProperties is set to false, see also: https://ajv.js.org/guide/modifying-data.html#removing-additional-properties

Reviewer 2: Typo here: `additinalProperties`

Author: Fixed.

>   removeAdditional: true, // remove additional properties if additionalProperties is set to false, see also: https://ajv.js.org/guide/modifying-data.html#removing-additional-properties

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  removeAdditional: true, // remove additional properties if additionalProperties is set to false, see: https://ajv.js.org/guide/modifying-data.html#removing-additional-properties
```
